Horizon application is a payslip distribution system. The main feature of the application is using this application, registered employee can view or download the payslip.
We have time line page to process the payslip before distribution.
In this timeline there are 5 steps to process and should the confirmed by the specific role of the user.
Step 1.  CLPS uploads the raw data file ( joiners and leavers).
Step 2. TLPS receives the notifications and accepts the step1.
	It uploads any other files which are generated by the payroll software.
	Select the reviewer and submit the draft if any.
Step 3.  CLPS approve the step after reviewing all the files.
Step 4. TLPS upload the payslip , EOY and Report files to process.
	There are 3 different job one for each process. Runs every 30 min. and reconcile the files.
After successfully reconcile the file TLPS receives the notification and then he submit the step.
Step 5. CLPS then review the reconciliation and check the payslip’s data are mapped correctly or not. Once confirmed it submit the timeline and add the comment.
Once the time line is closed all the payslip are visible to there belonging employee.


Agile in Horizon

We are using Azure for project tracking related activity, like feature, task and bugs.
At first when the features are planning, we have to provide the high-level estimate for feature to complete with testing.
On the bases of that priority and estimate features are selected for the next release.
In Sprint 0 (2 week ) we have to check the feature document and ask the queries if any. Walk though of the feature document are also planned in this sprint so that all the team are in same track.
Based on the features selected in the release sprints are planned to release the features, task or bugs on which date.
Once the assigned task are checked-in we have to update the dev effort and mark the task as resolved. 
Scrum master select all the resolved tag task and prepare a release note and distribute to dev test and product owner team.
Once the application is deployed on the server for testing. Scrum master assigned all the task mentioned in the release not to the tester.
We have a code freeze after the final sprint. In this testing team

