·         What exactly is your role in the team?

·         Can you provide brief information about your past experience?

·         Rate yourself on OOPS, SQL, JavaScript – Core JavaScript?

·         Are following Agile Process?

·         Any other technology like Git, Dockers, DevOps?

·         What about ASP.NET MVC and .NET Core? How much rating will you give yourself?

 

OOPS

1.       Explicitly implement interface. I have class A, I have interface B and C, both interfaces have same method XYZ – now I want to implement B and C in A.

As. By specifying interface name before method

2.       When should we use interface and when should we use abstract class?

3.       What is difference between Abstract class and interface?

https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/when-to-use-abstract-class-and-interface-in-real-time-projects/

4.       Where exactly have you implement multiple inheritance?

5.       Suppose I have two interface, interface A and interface B and I’m implementing those in interface in C, but interface A and interface B both have a display method, how would my class C know that they, this display method is for A and this display method is for C?

6.       What do you understand by state and behavior?

7.       Which Design pattern have use so far?

8.       What is core advantage of factory pattern? What is a major draw back of factory pattern?

9.       Have you use unity container?

10.   Have you ever used static class? Can I call static function with object of my class? Can I access variable inside static function?

11.   How do you manage authentication and authorization? What would I need to pass to access the WEB API? How do you generate authorization token? Do you know any other method to authenticate WEB API? Any tools do you know to generate the token?

12.   Apart from MVC have you worked with traditional ASP.NET pages

13.   How do manage to protect some MTML Files with authentication?

14.   Let’s say You have developed ASP.NET standard web application and deployed to sever and, I know you developed in Web.conflict file its is a root folder and I am trying to access ABC.com/web.conflict then what will happen?

IIS will not allow you do open it through a browser assuming you are accessing it remotely.  This is definately due to security because connection string and application specific information is usually stored in the web.config file.

15.   Do you know why ISS is blocking web.conflict? Can I have multiple web.conflict file in project? If do have any any. conflict file what will happen?

16.   Have you ever used interfaces in your project? Can you give real world example where you interface?

17.   Can we create object of interface and instantiate with class?

18.   Have you ever worked with Repository pattern?

19.   Have you ever implemented Dependency Injection in your project?

20.   Can you give real world example where you use interface?

21.   How can you implement I Disposable Interface?

22.   What is the difference between partial class and abstract class?

23.   Can you give real world example where you are use and implemented partial class? Can you name the real-world example? 

24.   Have you ever checked designer file? What type of class they are?

25.   Have you ever worked with Entity framework?

26.   Have work with data access layer like LINQ – where you use partial classes?

27.   What is constructor in OOPS?

28.   Can a class have more than 1 constructor?

29.   Can I make call from one constructor to another constructor?

30.   Can constructor be static?

31.   What are limitations of static constructor?

32.   Can I have more than 1 static constructor?

33.   Can constructor be private? What is use of private constructor?

34.   What is use of Copy constructor?

35.   What is use of default constructor?

36.   In concrete class can we use static constructor?

37.   Can I have parameters in static constructor?

38.   What is difference between read only and constant?

39.   What is Deconstructor?

40.   Have ever used action and farms?

41.   Have you ever worked with multi treading?

42.   Have you ever worked with parallels?

43.   Can interface contain code?

44.   What are the default methods, with reference to interface particularly?

45.   I have a class A which has constructor, now I have class B which inherits from A and it also has an constructor, when I make instance of B, obviously constructor of B would be called, so will it automatically called the constructor of the child class A or Not?

46.   Can you explain what is polymorphisms? Can you give me an example of method overloading in C#?

47.   Let say I have two method, and both parameters are same Integer A and integer B and second method is parameter integer A and B, but written type is different, do we call this method overloading? Why would it throw error, how will I come to know? Why complier will throw error?

48.   How method over riding work?

49.   What is syntax in C# to override the method?

50.   In child class if I don’t display don’t use override and use the new keyword, in that case what would happen, let say base class is virtual but in the child class, I’m using override I’m using new word?

51.   Do you know how to call the parent class method? From child class I want to call parent class method, how can I call it? How to call parent class constructor from child class constructor?

52.   How many static constructors are allowed in a class?

Ans: one.

53.   Which feature can be implemented using encapsulation?

a) Inheritance
b) Abstraction   (Correct Answer)
c) Polymorphism
d) Overloading

 C#

1.       What is IL code?

2.       I have visual studio open and I have simple console app which just read out Hello word, now I am compiling it to exe and then I take the exe and ran it, So at very high level can you tell me what is happen behind the scenes when I compile it and run it?

3.       What is a garbage collection? Is part of windows or part of framework?

4.       What is different between .NET Core and .NET Framework? Anything related to dependency injection?

5.       Do you know LINQ Expressions? Suppose Array of integers 1 to 10 and want to get numbers greater than 4, in array, how do I get it? Now Suppose, I wanted to write my custom LINQ method, when I call this method greater than 4, when I call this method array it should give me number greater than 4?

6.       What is extension method?

7.       Can I apply LINQ on a list of integers? Can I apply it on dictionary?

8.       When should I think of storing the data in list and when I should I think of storing the data in list?

9.       Why can’t I use the List everywhere, why I need to use dictionary?

10.   Suppose I have a huge of list, I am going to remove the element in middle of list? At high level can you tell me what is happening behind the scenes? What happens to the empty space in the list?

11.   Are you familiar with generic? What do mean by generic method? Where is generic part coming to play if you say about specific.

12.   Have used LINQ anywhere?

13.   How LINQ works? How do extension method and delegates work together.

14.   What does Ienumerable do?

15.   Do you know difference between difference between iqueryable and ienumerable?

16.   What is difference between ienumerable and iemulator?

17.   Do know what is emulator?

18.   List of collections C# has.

19.   What is difference between list and array?

20.   How list is implemented within framework at very high level?

21.   We have list, which has 10,000 items, its more efficient to add item in beginning at list or at the end of list?

22.   Are you familiar with generic?

23.   Can you tell me about different module and excess specifiers in C#? What is scope of these?

24.   Do you know about partial class? Can I have partial class save between two assemblies?

MVC

1.       Can you difference between view data and view bag?

2.       What is data type of view data?

3.       Can you contain multiple value in strings?

4.       What is data type of view bag? What is need of view bag?

5.       Data dynamic type?

6.       Do you see any connection between dynamic object and view bag?

7.       What is model binder?

8.       Have you ever implemented custom model binder?

9.       Do you know value provider?

10.   How do you do validation in ASP.NET MVC?

11.   If you have Implement custom validation?

12.   Do you know controller factory?

13.   Action filters?

14.   Route data table use?

15.   Which is the default http method for an action method?

Ans: HTTP Get

16.   How to transfer data from controller to controller?

Ans: TempData

JavaScript

1.       Is JavaScript multithreaded or single threaded? Why is it multi treaded

2.       Is JavaScript complied of interpreted? Why

3.       If you want to test JavaScript is compiled or interpreted how would you interpreted?

4.       I have 10 JavaScript and 10 CSS file, and I would like it to merge it, how can I merge it?

5.       Within a function I written a for loop, my for loop is for where i=0, i less than 9, i++, written the body I have console.logi and out outside the for loop I have one more console.logi, so if I call this function, what should I expect to see?

6.       On high level tell me how JavaScript executes the function?

7.       Are you familiar with flux? Yes, What is Flux.

8.       In JavaScript what do you mean by closure?

 

SQL

1.       Two inner joins and two outer joins, and it has few web classes, for some reason query is running slowly, when it returns it returns only 10 rows, Now I want to troubleshoot why query is running slowly. How do I go about it?

2.       What are advantage and disadvantages of using index?

3.       If I have a main transaction table, to which I am very frequently writing the data and once in while I read data, would you recommend me to create index of table to improve the performance?

4.       What is foreign key?

5.       What is the difference between foreign key and primary key?

6.       Along with installer, do you also use SQL Server?

7.       Are you writing store procedure? How do you manage to protect the business logic in store procedure so that no one from client side can read it?

8.       Difference between DROP, DELETE and TRUNCATE?

9.       Can we insert NULL value in foreign key columns?

Ans Yes

10.   Which of the following is not a DDL command?

a) UPDATE           (Correct Answer)
b) TRUNCATE
c) ALTER
d) None of the Mentioned



Asp.NET

1.       What are the advantages of ASP.NET Core?

2.       Have you work with Containerization application?

3.       Have you ever written Unit Test.

4.       Have you ever worked with multi server application?

5.       In ASP.NET which framework are you using? Are you publish or copy pasting the profile?

6.       Have you fixed any security and vulnerability for your application?

7.       Which of the following is used to check the validity of the model in Web API?

a.       Model.Valid

b.       Model.IsValid

c.       ModelState.IsValid  (Correct Answer)

d.       ModelState.Valid

 

Additional Questions

1.       What is life cycle in Angular?

2.       Do you know about Dependency Injection? If yes, Explain

3.       Advantages and disadvantages of using Angular?

4.       Angular Authentication and Authorization?

5.       What are the building blocks of Angular?

6.       What is Inheritance in JavaScript?

7.       What is Closer in JavaScript?

8.       What is the difference between Function and Stored procedure?

9.       How do you handle the exception in .NET/Angular?

10.   What is a Garbage Collector?

11.   Which Design Patterns are you familiar with? Explain – Singleton, Factory, Abstract, Repository

12.   Four pillars of OOPS – Abstraction – Inheritance – Polymorphisms – Encapsulation

13.   What is the type of indexes? – Cluster index and Non-Cluster Index
